This is the Company's Code of Conduct document.
Human Resource Management (referred to as HRM throughout this module) is the management of a key resource in the organisation – people.

Think for a moment about any organisation. What resources are there in that organisation? You might think of a variety of items: raw materials, computers, paper, buildings, machinery… There are also people.

Without people there is a limit to what the organisation can achieve. The machines cannot operate without people to work them (even if they are automatic machines there needs to be a person who programmes them). The raw materials need to be turned into something that can be sold: this requires people. The computers need people to operate them.

People are key to the success of any organisation.
Culture defines the character of an organization. It embodies the unifying values, norms and behavioural patterns of the organization. It permeates every aspect and defines the way things are done. Aspects of culture are defined and consist of written statements or procedures. However, aspects of culture are unspecified and can't formally be defined. They are such things as management style, communication norms, decision making style, level of informality/formality, preferred strategies and core values for judging outcomes - things that are not set out in a rule book or in an employee handbook or on the company website.

There is a great deal of focus on workplace culture and organizational development today because it is recognized that culture has a huge influence on organizational performance. A creative, collaborative and supportive environment, where people work together as a team, innovating, learning from experiences and taking pride in achieving organizational objectives, is a culture which will far outperform a culture of control exercised through procedures and management hierarchies.

Culture is hard to change but it is never static. Some workplace cultures are changing faster than others, and in many cases management wish to bring about transformational change in response to changes in the business environment - changes such as global competition, de-regulation, globalized operations, new and emerging technologies, the pervasiveness of the internet and e-business. These changes in the business environment call for a workplace culture that is adaptable, responsive and agile, and organizations strive to achieve such a culture. However, cultural change is one of the hardest changes to bring about.
